Add client memory limits docs. (#571)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/client-libraries-clients.md

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
````

## Set memory limits

> You can uses memory limits param to control client overall memory usage,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use memory limits parameters to control the total client memory usage,
```

> the producers and consumers under this client will compete for the memory assigned. See [PIP 74: Pulsar client memory limits](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/wiki/PIP-74%3A-Pulsar-client-memory-limits)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the producers and consumers under this client will compete for the memory assigned. For implementation details, see [PIP 74: Pulsar client memory limits](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/wiki/PIP-74%3A-Pulsar-client-memory-limits).
```

Reviewer: Do we have any considerations/limitations that need to remind users?

Author: I think nothing.
